let's let him sink okay okay look
forward or look where you can heal her
see them he made a good choice and you
have to tell me ill you're helping them
too much here don't blue scissors every
time drops of said basically the two
things need to happen either one you
teach and work through it for a reward
or two you need to follow through with
you know a check or whatever whatever
need mean means but the more times you
tell them Fu's the more times he's
relying on you to tell them and I know
it's hard because you you know what he's
capable of and you want to keep telling
em de knock it off get up but the more
you tell them the more it's like you
telling your daughter go cleaning room
well clean your room go clean your room
quickly in your room you're building up
a tolerance right same thing with your
dog I've been getting away from
following the same kindest most part
yeah I wasn't fed him for that his eyes
looked at me okay don't you want his
eyes lit and his head looking at you
good let's do it a couple times before
you feed him oh wise me his eyes moved
advisement wait
wait don't tell him he'll I know tard
and if he happens to look up and so now
wait their own party I know you want to
tap them right now right
but definitely you haven't told me he'll
yet right so technically if he chooses
not to look up but we want to shape the
behavior of him offering the behavior
looking at so if he doesn't offer what
you want in the moment you can help them
with you know maybe it make a little
sound or bring your hand down a little
bit or you know or you know however you
think you need to help
okay now we have too much of distraction
right okay grab your leash put it behind
your back give just a little teeny mag
just a little neck again hanging almost
these all can do it for you looks a
little more nagger hey Teresa Reno don't
leave it leave it
no too much yes
no the or get up okay freedom or not
France move around but please run your
back then okay now say food kill yes now
check check
who's this no don't you dare freedom now
again I head up wait now feet up why
I can heal endured through it ok tofu
yes good feed it tell us it okay step
away from him don't sit good step back
into I'm great
next time you next time it's the old
feet over that ah can we visit the
opportunity but don't drop your leash
okay you're going to teach them that
stepping back into it means stick his
head up a step away from okay step back
into them good feed them come sit
okay next oh good a hole throw a party
for that one that was a good choice good
make sense now you're teaching when you
step back into them when you're beside
them like that when you're gathering
yourself in him he's going to heal that
way when you do say heal it's like Oh
super easy you're not having to fight
him he knows what you know you know to
expect but if he freely offers it if you
step aside to me it automatically looks
alright that's really what I want
because then if you don't how you can
you're asking you're asking less and
he's giving you more right last time
then have you worked on the older dog oh
look
already that's a huge improvement
happy good wait stay there
reload don't sit step away no separately
anytime you reload on when you step away
just get in the habit of that okay step
back in let's try it try suffer to grab
your leash because what would you do if
you dropped his head after the food
after you don't food if you drop some
said there should be consequence right
they say flus take one step nice now
bring your target back a little bit
there you go
I kid now take a step that's way better
Bryan you got to stop bring it to your
boob gotta bring it right work it back
to okay but even on a first step you got
to bring their hips up again good that's
too fast one slow step stop oh-ho he
fixed himself that was really important
okay one foot don't move the other foot
one foot stop now bring your other foot
up good just because our right foot
moves doesn't mean II move so you're
teaching two things at steiner it right
again nag nag nag there you go step stop
okay too big a step
let's make half a second time if you
reload what should you do yeah come on
stop okay step the other foot okay half
steps right stop oh you want to be like
that really inch like almost like inch
forward like because you're you're
working on him falling your leg and
you're working on his head up which is a
whole lot better right now again stop oh
step over like good again
nice huh see he should not move on your
right leg too late I didn't know your
head